Release influxctl v2.9.5 and v2.9.6 (#5565)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/auth/_index.md

---
title: influxctl auth
description: >
  The `influxctl auth` command and its subcommands provide the ability to

>   login and logout.

Reviewer: I'm fine with saying it differently, but verbs are "log in" and "log out"; nouns are " login" and "logout":
- `my login`
- `to log in`

menu:
  influxdb_clustered:
    parent: influxctl
weight: 201
---

The `influxctl auth` command and its subcommands provide information about
{{< product-name omit="Clustered" >}} clusters.

## Usage

```sh
influxctl auth [subcommand] [subcommand options] [arguments...]
```

## Subcommands

| Subcommand                                                         | Description                     |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------ |

> | [login](/influxdb/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/auth/login/)   | Login with InfluxDB Clustered identity provider |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [login](/influxdb/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/auth/login/)   | Log in to an InfluxDB cluster using the cluster's identity provider |
```
